---
layout: post
title: "It's that time of year again"
subtitle: "Reminder: You are not your GPA <3"
category: [life, mental-health]
---

<p>
	This is a strange time for me. For the first time since 2011, I am not hunkering down to get ready for finals. Many are not so lucky though, and this is going to be a time of assignments, exams and papers.
</p>

<p>
	Despite the fact I have nothing to study for, my body is (annoyingly) getting ready for the added stress. One huge benefit of being in the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_behavioral_therapy">middle of changing your lifestyle for the better</a> is that you are very in tune with your body and emotions. I can actually feel the stress horomones increasing and making me more energized and anxious. I can feel my sleep schedule shifting to match not only the increasing daylight but also a general downward trend in how much I need to sleep each night to feel rested. My body wants to be ready for the all nighters and studying that it believes are incoming. Our bodies are pretty cool like that.
</p>

<p>
	This same buffing up is likely happening to you too, if you're getting ready for exams. Try to think about your stress levels and your general habits lately. I'd be willing to bet that you will notice a similar trend. Like I've pointed out before, stress isn't a bad thing outright. Your <i>stressors</i> are the things keeping you down. Stress is what motivates you, keeps you safe, and is the fundamental process that keeps us going day to day.
</p>

<p>
	When you're studing, keep in mind that your reaction to your stress is what determines how you are going to feel from it. Rather than say, shutting down because your exam is 3 days away and you feel like you can't do it. Focus on taking the energy that comes from your stress and turning it into a positive. Turn it into your drive for doing well. This is much easier said than done and is by no means going to be easy, but the important thing is <i>trying.</i>
</p>

<p>
	Finally, take care of your mental health first. Your GPA is important but taking care of yourself is going to lead to better results in the end anyways. Remember that <a href="http://www.queensu.ca/studentwellness/health-services">there are always services for you if you are struggling.</a> Study well, be safe, remember I love all of you.
</p> 