---
layout: post
title: "Do Not Dwell on Your Past"
subtitle: "An open letter to myself."
category: [life, nonsense, mental-health]
---

<p>
	A couple days ago I was handed a pen and some paper and told to write myself a letter in 10 minutes. The result was actually pretty nice and after a lot of thought I've decided to post it on my blog. It's actually a great exercise to help you sort through your thoughts and bring your mood up! 
</p>

<hr>

<p>
	Dear Lucas,
</p>
	
<p>
	Do not dwell on your past. It was tragic and difficult. Both your body and mind failed you and your experiences were far beyond your years. You aren't in that situation anymore.
</p>

<p>
	Look instead at your present. The past built you into who you are today, and that person is anything but tragic. You are thoughtful and kind. You are hardworking and insightful. The friends and family you are close with mean more to you than anything. You strive for greatness, not just for yourself but for those you love. You aren't your mental illess. You aren't your bad health. You aren't your past.
</p>

<p>
	Look towards your future, bright as a galaxy. Top companies like Google, crazy cool startups and big corporate entities are all vying for you to bring your talent and drive to their teams. The sacrifices that your parents put in to give you a start that they could not even have imagined for themselves <i>will</i> come to fruition as long as you keep taking responsibility for your life and keep pushing through.
</p>

<p>
	Keep on Keepin' On.
</p>

<p>
	Lucas Marcelli
</p>