---
layout: old-post
title: "Putting my Life on Hold"
subtitle: "Sometimes we just need a break."
category: [life, mental-health]
---

This past year has really given me a ton of hard choices to make. 

I had to make one of the scariest decisions of my life recently. I decided that I'm going to put all (many) my obligations on hold for a while, and focus on my health and sanity instead.

The craziest thing is that I thought I had *definitely* already made the toughest/most important decisions of the year back in the early months of 2014. I guess being an adult means these come more often, which is kind of terrifying but it just means all the more opportunities to take a look at your priorities and improve yourself. 

I'll be taking a sabbatical of sorts until May or September. I've deferred my Grad school acceptance into and I've trimmed down my obligations to try to give myself the least stressful time possible so I can really focus on the most important ones - obligations to myself - and learn how to balance those with my future in research and grad school. 

I've realized how terrifying it is to completely change your 5, or even 2 year plan, and that the people who surround me are equally terrified. The easiest decision is always no decision, to stay on the exact same track as before and remain passive. Hopefully this is for the best but I encourage everyone to take some time to reevaluate where you are going if you make no changes and if you're happy with that. Deviating from the plan is scary but when it is necessary, it can be the most rewarding thing. 

I am really hopeful that taking this break will give me time to grow and flourish and be the best that I can be. Making this website is Step 1. Making this post is Step 2.
