---
layout: post
title: "Reddit Writing Prompt"
subtitle: "A scientist finds a way to trap a genie."
category: nonsense
---

<p><i>
	Gonna try out something, a writing prompt from reddit. This is the first time I've ever done this so be kind. <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/49t5qv/wp_a_scientist_finds_a_way_to_trap_a_genie/">Reddit post.</a>
</i><p>
<hr class="old-header">
<p>
	"Well," The Scientist said to the wiry man who brought him the latest ancient oil lamp, "If there <i>is</i> a genie in there, this should force it out and keep it trapped!"
</p>
<p>
	He was of course referring to his latest work, the giant steel and glass enclosure that shocks the genie out of its home and traps it from either going back home to the lamp or leaving the area. Ever since, the scientific community discovered that entities like genies and magic carpets not only exist, but seem to be the remaining pieces of some ancient civilization. The hope was of course to interrogate the genie and discover more about its enigmatic creators. Although genies are real, nobody is really sure how to summon them. It happened once, in front of a stadium of skeptics, when The Scientist showed he could force them out with a very strong electric pulse. The genie would always retreat back into the lamp as soon as possible, but after numerous experiments The Scientist believes they can be trapped.
</p>

<p>
	This lamp was promising. It had never been shocked before and the genie inside wouldn't be ready for what's about to happen. The Scientist looked at me and said tersley,
</p>

<p>
	"Now. Do it."
</p>

<p>
	I flipped the switch. The machine crackled to life, delivering a 50 Terawatt bolt directly to the lamp. I knew instantly that a genie was present in the lamp, as a swirling energy materialized above it. I flipped the second switch and the power output to the lamp more than doubled. Suddenly the genie sprung into existence and The Scientist quickly initialized the genie containment field.
</p>

<p>
	"It's done! It's done! We've done it!"
</p>

<p>
	He was right. Floating there, the genie looked at us with no expression. He clearly understood he was trapped and made no effort to fight it. He was 8 feet tall and brilliantly blue with an aura of power that was felt even through the containment field. Then it spoke.
</p>

<p>
	<b>WELL DONE, HUMANS. I SEE YOU HAVE DISCOVERED A MEANS TO SUMMON ME. I SEE YOU LONG FOR KNOWLEDGE. YOU HAVE THREE QUESTIONS.</b>
</p>

<p>
	Not even The Scientist could hide his fear when he heard The Voice. The wiry old man ran from the room and I fell to the floor in terror, covering my ears. The Voice didn't get any quieter. The Scientist faltered but found his courage to ask,
</p>

<p>
	"How did you come to be?"
</p>

<p>
	<b>I AM, I WAS, I ALWAYS WILL BE. I AWOKE WHEN THE MASTER CAUSED OUR CREATION AT THE END OF THE VOID AND THE START OF SPACE AND TIME.</b>
</p>

<p> 
	I was losing my mind now. The voice was so overwhelming, but familiar. I felt like the genie was telling us information that I already knew on some level. The Scientist, pushing on said,
</p>

<p>
	"What is the purpose of your creation?"
</p>

<p>
	<b>TO ENSURE THAT THE PROPER EVENTS HAPPEN AT THE PROPER TIME SUCH THAT THE EVOLOUTION OF LIFE ON THIS PLANET LEADS TO THE CREATION OF THE MASTER, ENSURING THE CYCLE PROGRESSES.</b>
</p>

<p>
	The Voice felt even more familiar now. I can feel my body filling with dread. I have a feeling about what's about to happen.
</p>

<p>"Who is The Master?"</p>

<p>
	The genie made what could be interpreted as a smile. It slowly moved its hand towards me. I fell to my knees.

<p>
	All at once I remembered everything. I knew everything. I was everything. 
</p>
